For this weeks assignment I will be comparing Hunter's privacy policy with the DOE's, which seems a bit trivial, but my purpose is to shed light on the 
fact that two educational instututions whould have different policies.

Comparison and Contrast between Hunter College and NYCDOE
The two institutions that I am comparing are Hunter and NYCDOE.
What stands out at first is that to even get information on their Privacy Policies, first we must narrow down a definition.  There are different types of policies for 
different aspects of the operations. 
Thus for the purpose of our analysis we will limit the scope to privacy related to students records.                                                                                     
1-	The DOE's Privacy Policy is mostly focused on internet security as it pertains to access to the site whereas privacy policies related to students can be found in the 
Chancellors Regulations.  With regards to students' personal information there are very strict rules to protect against any access from outside sources.  Even teachers may 
only have access to information that pertains to their students' academic domain.                                                                       
2-	Hunter College's Privacy Policy is mostly focused on students and as such it is set by the US Department of Education- FERPA: Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act. 
FERPA establishes guidelines for the dissemination of student information. One important aspect of such access to information is that parents are denied access to their 
children's college records after they turn 18. However, FERPA allows schools to disclose those records, without consent, to third parties that meet specified criteria, mostly 
educational institutions and the courts (34 CFR § 99.31)
What information is collected:
Information collected by the DOE is mostly related to students’ personal information such as grades, demographics, address, vaccination and health records, promotion from 
grade to grade, disciplinary actions, etc.
Information for Hunter also deals with records related to grades, demographics, address, vaccination, credits earned.
The main difference between their privacy policy is that once a student reaches 18 years old, the parent no longer has access to their records if they are in college whereas 
if they are still in High School, parents retain access.

NOTE: Having committed to the topic, I thought it would not be appropriate to change at the last minute; however, in retrospect I can see how this assignment is better 
suited for search engines and the sort.
